AGENDA__

1.What is Image Processing
2.Traditional ML VS Deep Learning3.Human Brain VS AI
4.How Image Input Work in Computer
5.What is CNN
6.Layers in CNN
7.Convolutional Layer
8.Relu Layer
9.Pooling Layer
10.Fully Connected Layer
11.Demo:Learning Processing with python.


1.What is image Processing?
Image Processing is a method to perform some important operations on an image. In order to get an enhanced high Quality image or to extract the most useful information from that__
It is a one type of Signal Processing.
In this Processing input is an image and output may be image or characteristics/features associated with that image.

2.Traditional Machine Learning or Deep Learning
Manual Selection from so many features is impossible in Traditional Machine Learning.
Where ML fails there Deep Leaning Comes into Picture.

3.Human Brain VS AI?
Human Brain Vs Neural Network
Neuron                                      Artificial Neuron
Cell Nucleus                              Node
Dendrites                                   Input:x1,x2
Synapse                                      Weights or interconnections
Axon                                            f(x) (mapping,activation,learning)
Terminal Axon                           Output:y1

4.How Image inputs work in computer?
Converts the image into an array of pixel values where the dimension of array depends on the resolutionof image.
Array of dimension 32*32*3(The 3 refers to RGB values)

5.What is CNN?
"A Feed Forward Network to process and recognize image data with the grid version"

6.Layers in CNN?
Input Layer--->Convolution Layer--->Pooling Layer--->Dense Layer--->Output Layer.

7.Convolution Layer
"Converts images into an array"
Firts Layer of CNN
Stores the pixelated values of image into an array
Used for Extracting the features of the image and reducing its dimensionality.

8.Relu Layer
"Converts Negative values into zero"
Relu is a half rectifier
f(y)=0 when y<0
f(y)=y when y>=0
Range of Relu:[0 to infinity]

9.Pooling Layer
"Reduces the spatial size and the numbers of parameters"
Used to Reduced Dimensionality
Helps to Control overfitting
Filters of size 2*2 are Commonly used in it.

10.Fully connected network
"Combines the extracted features and represents a new model"